hi everybody it's Bennett here from
speed pro digital comm and in this video
I want to talk to you about a frame
sandwich boards but before I go into
that I did want to mention to you that
if you're interested in getting an
a-frame sandwich board I have two very
special promotions for you which I'll
mention at the end of this short video
so stay tuned now what makes an a-frame
sandwich board so effective it's perfect
when you have lots of foot and vehicle
traffic at your location and it works
really really well because traffic
coming from both sides can see your
message as you can see from both these
sandwich boards we can print very
high-resolution full color prints which
can be very stunning and very noticeable
we also have two different sizes this
one here for example is 24 inches by 36
inches and this large one is 32 inches
by 48 inches tall we also have very
various materials sandwich boards can
come in plastics wood or metal now these
two units are our most popular and
they're popular for two reasons
the first as I mentioned this unit is
made out of metal so what that means is
it's heavy enough to weigh it down so
that when you're outside it's not going
to get blown over by the wind but at the
same time it's not too heavy so that it
becomes difficult to move there's also a
carry handle here where it makes it very
easy to pick up and move the a-frame and
the metal is also painted with an
exterior paint so it makes it resistant
to rusting the sign face as you can see
here can slide out very easily and it
can be replaced with a new sign face
whenever you want it to and this makes
it really great for weekly or monthly
promotions you may have sales that go on
during the week or during the month that
you want to promote and you can change
it very easily or you might have
seasonal promotions you can see here
boku mo which is a really great
photographer by the way they have a
promotion going on that's coming up for
Christmas
they had one back
in September which was for
back-to-school which I'll just show you
here and they they can slide in and out
very easily so it makes it very simple
to to change your promotions in an
instant
now if you're interested in getting any
of our sandwich boards mention that you
saw this video and we're going to do two
things for you the first thing is we're
going to add a protective layer of
laminate on top of the sign faces now
our prints in themselves are already UV
fade resistant water resistant and
scratch resistant so they're very
durable as they are but when we add an
extra layer of laminate it adds to the
durability and just prolongs the life of
the sign all together and that's up to a
sixty dollar value the second thing
we're going to do only for a limited
time is we're going to offer 10% off any
of our sandwich board products that we
carry so send us an email or give us a
call at the number on our website and
make sure you mention this video thanks
for watching